---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E6"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-05-12
published: true
labels:
  - essay
---
1.	Briefly describe your system:
My managed system is a cloth store.
2.	Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented?
May be the emailing the invoice to the client, and storing the client selected items.
3.	Describe what you are most proud of about your system:
The proudest of about my system is the validation of the users information, for example, the login and registration information and you can even edit your information.
4.	Describe what you are least happy with your system:
Least happy with my system, may be the storing the selected items into cart.
5.	How was developing this assignment different than assignment #2?
In assignment 2 I used query strings to store the information, and there are less products, the system was only selecting the products and login for invoice.
In this assignment I used session cookies to store the items, there are more products, the system can select items into the cart and login by there.
6.	When you ran into a problem, what did you do to address it?
Because when I was working on it I check step by step, so it was easy for me to address the problem really quick, and I was working on it by a list I sorted by my own, so that I knew what I was working on as well.
7.	Describe what worked well in doing this assignment?
The part I build and create website for other products, was something fun and worked well, also the part I worked on the hover buttons.
8.	Describe what did not work well in doing this assignment?
The part I tried to figure out session cookies didn’t work out well, and the emailing part as well.
9.	What did you learn from doing this assignment?
I learned session cookie very well, because the one we learned in class was a bit different from my server, so I had to figure it out by myself.
10.	If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you change?
If I could go back in time to I was doing assignment 2 I would like to change my query strings into session cookies, so that I don’t need to spend so many time on fixing it. 
11.	Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing), (c) testing and debugging
(a)	15%. 
(b)	 30%
(c)	55%
12.	Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself) and explain briefly your rationale for the percentage breakdown. Be sure to include an overview of what specifically you and your partners contributed (e.g. “I worked on the security and my partner 1 worked on personalization”)
I don’t have a partner so I worked on it all by myself.
